Add documentation about using Postgres for Dagster logging. (#4544)
catalyst-cooperative/pudl: docs/dev/run_the_etl.rst

Author: I looked at both of those places first too. The `dev_dagster` page iss more about how to create new assets & work with Dagster in a software development context, and the `dev_setup` page doesn't contain anything about Dagster at all right now -- it's all the environment setup that you do before getting to the Dagster part, so that didn't seem right either. This was the only place that really focused on the mechanics of running the ETL and working with the Dagster UI, so it seemed the most related.  Maybe it should be called something other than "Running the ETL?"

  be resolved by re-materializing the asset group of the desired asset.

Read the :ref:`dev_dagster` documentation page to learn more about working
with Dagster.

Using Postgres for Dagster Internal Storage
-------------------------------------------

> Dagster generates a large volume of its own logging and events output, with multiple
> streams of information coming from many different subprocess, since every asset
> materialization has its own process. To organize all that output effectively, Dagster
> writes its logs to a database. By default it uses SQLite, which has support built-in to
> Python. However, SQLite can't deal with concurrent writes, which means it can't handle
> the logging from our full ETL when it's highly parallelized.
> 
> In the nightly builds we use a Postgres database to store this logging and events output
> instead of SQLite.  If you want to run the full ETL locally and use all available CPU
> cores to parallelize the process, you will also probably need to set up Postgres on your
> computer. This means installing Postgres, and creating a database for Dagster, and then
> telling Dagster how to access it. With Postgres set up, your
> ``$DAGSTER_HOME/dagster.yaml`` configuration might look like this:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Dagster generates a large volume of its own logging and outputs to a database, which by
default gets written to a SQLite database. SQLite can't deal with concurrent writes, which
means it can't handle the logging from our full ETL when it's highly parallelized.

In the nightly builds we use a Postgres database to store this logging and events output
instead of SQLite and you can do this locally if you have any problems with the logging.
Setting up Postgres can be different on different operating systems but here is a
quickstart:

1. `Install Postgres  <https://www.postgresql.org/download/>`__ or `Postgres App for macs <https://postgresapp.com/downloads.html>`__.
2. Create a database for Dagster called `something?!?!?` with a username (?!?) and password (!?!?).
3. Add the following code block to  ``$DAGSTER_HOME/dagster.yaml``
```

Author: I believe the magic incantations within Postgres are:

```sql
-- Create the database
CREATE DATABASE dagster;

-- Create the user with a password
CREATE USER dagster WITH PASSWORD 'dagster_password';

-- Grant all privileges on the database to the user
GRANT ALL PRIVILEGES ON DATABASE dagster TO dagster;
```
